Clean air is needed everywhere –
in public spaces, homes,
offices and factories.
As fine particles cause lung diseases,
heart problems and cancer, –
it is essential to reduce
emissions at their source, –
or use advanced supply
and indoor air filtration
to improve air quality
and reduce health hazards.
Clean air is also needed in securing
various industrial processes.
VTT has the knowhow of
airborne contamination control –
and the facilities to simulate,
test and verify hypotheses –
about air quality, and sustainable
methods to improve it.
We are at the forefront of R&D
into new solutions, –
working with international clients
in multidisciplinary teams.
In addition to R&D, VTT provides
education and expert services,
different filter testing
and test systems, –
portable air cleaner
performance evaluation –
and other tailored analyses.
Our work is a research based,
hands on effort –
to improve air quality,
everywhere.